So my advice to you in trying to kind of what you should look for in a
graduate program graduate school is hard. It's not horrible. It's just
hard. And so in my experience, unless you really love and are committed
to what you're doing, you are not. You're not going to want
to stay if because it's just it's so hard. Like, even if you really,
really love it, it's still hard. So if you didn't really love it, it
would just be awful, right? So I would look for graduate program,
that is, you know, focused in an area that is very interesting to you.
You don't want to devote your time and money to an area of research,
for instance, that you are just not that interested in, um, make
sure something you really want to dio, um the other thing is, you wanna
look at the lab culture, so, you know, are the people who are working
in that lab, are they the type of people that you like is the
is the overall style of the lab, a style that you're comfortable with,
Um, for the person who you're going to be working with, who's gonna
be your mentor or they, you know, How do you communicate? How do
they communicate? You know, do you jibe? Well, those are the types
of things that you really do wanna look at because these are the people
that you're gonna be working with for multiple years. And so you
really do want to make sure that this is a good fit for you, not just
in terms of what the lab is doing. So the research of the lab, but
also just the lab culture itself.